[Random guy voice over - if its your sister, then let her deepen her voice]
"Arcana"
[Crystals appear on the screen, orbiting a central point, plain blue sky background]
"The practice of ripping open your soul
and letting energy flow out of it."
[Every line,the screen goes whiter]
"And of Surviving it
Of training it 
Of harvesting it
Of mastering it..."
[Screen Fully White]
"This is a story of one of the many ways it has impacted on the world.."

*this part is probably better with just a black background with Doki's hands and some sfx*

[Upbeat Music,Doki's/Doki like voice - your sister can also voice with either her normal or a higher pitch voice]
[Pulling gloves on]
So I heard of a city
[Loading bullets into gun]
A hub of arcana and magical practices
"Bigger monsters"
Bigger Prices
And best of all.... Bigger Heists
[Shows a siloute(sry i cant spell),on a rooftop]
"So I pool all of my money"
[3 Coins clincking onto a table.]
"I Get on a train"
[Distant train noise]
"And arrive in the lower ring of pentara/dokiville..."
[Shows rough city skyline - as a title screen aswell - scroll the buttons up for fun]

[Title Screen]
Play
Settings
Credits
Help

(When you click play/start)
[Cuts to empty wallet - black background probably aswell]
"Andddd, Im Broke"
[Turns blank]
Explosion Sound
[Shows electric dragoon and doki in an alley looking upwards]
"thats how I got here"

[Dialogue with dragoon - just a single frame difference in the alleyway for each line is enough]

[Doki steals the gift]
Doki: There goes your gift!
Dragoon: But I liked it, tho!
Doki: You like being murdered??
Dragoon: No, I like gifts! 
[Doki accidentally drops the gift, a bomb rolls out (just like 2 choppy frames is fine)]
Dragoon: Uhhhhhh...
Doki: Well, that just happened.
Dragoon: Yeah... I wasn’t expecting that either.
Doki: You’re welcome!
Dragoon: You’re welcome? For what?
Doki: For saving your life???
Dragoon: Hmm... I guess...
Doki: But still, where’d you get that gift?
Dragoon: A dog gave it to me. How cute!
[A look of horror crosses doki's face]
Doki: Was it Amber by chance???
Dragoon: Yeah it was cute little daschbund(still cant spell - me neither :D).Now that I think about it though, it had a smug look on its face, or hungry, or both, i dont know.
Doki: Definitely both, lets go find him.
Dragoon: Why dont we just follow the trail of fire shards.
Doki: Thats probably more convenient

They then proceed to walk through a road (for easy drawing) when a gang shows up and you fight them on the road and sidewalk.

[FIGHT]
The fire shards on the road are deactivated, you must throw the dragoon (which is electric) at the crystals which activates them, creating a chain explosion to kill the gang (the dragoon is immune because dragoon).

They then continue following the trail of fire shards, until they enter a factory.

[Room 1]
Entrance room
Clean tiles (extremely simple and bland, no walls needed, just black (tingy bit of one color for character) background instead)
There is a small place where a receptionist would be but it is abandoned. (simple counter is fine, embed it into the room and just place it on the collider layer)
Walkway into next room. (again simple and bland, no need for walls)
[Room 2 {alpha if you can make this like a minute or so long and have a tiny chain reaction related thing to progress}]
Simple fight, more gang members. 
Simple shoot a lever, bridge appears (make it the same room)
[Room 3] 
The enemies are stronger, having more health.
If players notice, there is a valve which you can interact with with water, so if you use your dragoon. (just a tiny expansion on what you specifically want, i.e. make it like another minute or so long)

[Room 4 (simplify the logic of this if you can, and make it like a 2 minute long puzzle)]
You enter but the doors automatically lock behind you.
The freezer
Here are alot of crates, each labeled with
Flammable, toxic or health.
Breaking them does exactly what it says on the label.
Here everything has the freezing effect.
Be being near fire you remove the frozen effect.
Multiple areas are blocked off by frozen chains and you have to just shoot them

[Room 5 (the animation for the robot should be really simple don't spend much time on it, the dragoons are just in a cage stuck uptop, just recolor the main dragoon to green and blue)]
You see a cage with 1 water dragoon and one nature dragoon in.
In this room is also a robot enemy which stands near small river channels to charge water, then it sprays it in the form of ice.
You have to get it to turn 2 chains across the rooms sides to ice and then lead it under the cell. When you break both chains using the explosion, the cell drops on the robot, killing it.
If you miss the robot murdurs you violently (like it makes a big explosion as self defense since the dragoons survived which kills you since dragoons are immune).
And you have to restart from the beginning (its short so yk its not bad).

[Dialogue with the two dragoons]
Water drag: Thank you, we got caught a few days ago.
Doki: Why?? What did they want from you???
Nature Drag: The gang members took us away to some scientists, I think they had a deal of some kind.
Water Drag: They jabbed me with things and said something about soul extraction"
Doki: Are there any other dragoons???
Dragoons: Yes
Doki: Ok, you can leave now
Dragoons: "...
...
Can I help save them??"

Doki: Sure

Then you enter a science lab area. The floor is back to clean tiles. On screens there are vague dragoon shaped shapes and stuff.
There is an out of place bookshelf and when you burn it there is a passage behind.
-> make a little chain reaction related puzzle (like 1 minute) to open the bookshelf)

[Second last room]
Empty room with signs saying "Keep out" and scary stuff like that on the final door, which is locked.
(Guess what... YET ANOTHER 1 minute chain reaction related puzzle because why not (make them really quite simple yet satisfying, we need them easy to make, fun to play. Its a hard combination lmao))

[Final room]
In the center of the room is an armeture that looks like a gun, with 5 different little streams flowing towards it.
A screen is flickering so you badically do a smaller version of the other puzzle to turn it on, it has a call button on it.

A man starts speaking
(No dialogue, just sound)

(Patronisingly)
Hunter, hunter, hunter
According to my data you arrived in pentara today???
Came here to steal, for another heist?
(Slightly angry)
Just today and you've managed to unravell years of my work.
(Angrily)
You STOLE IT ALL AWAY FROM ME
(Calm again)
No matter

Do you know the origin of pentara hunter???
Beacon tower and the rivers of mana flowing into it arent a biproduct of love for magic and willingness to create such a spectacular pain.
It is the product of Pain and Suffering, Hate and War, almost like your soon to be body.
(You can almost hear his grin)
It was a superweapon, a tower of steel meant to erase mountains, but when the cookie crumbled, it was abandoned and covered up.
Using these dragoons here, I managed to splice their souls and recreate the soul technology that powered it.
The world will be forced to kneel to my might and I will be able to rewrite society...
And you WILL NOT mess this up.

(Manic)
"I"
"Found it"
"I"
"Fixed it
And today hunter..."
"you"
"will die to it"
The gun activates
Whirring to life
(Calm)
"Adieu" 
[Start of final fight]
{change this fight to whatever you want, im leaving your miniboss idea here but you can do whatever you feel, make it like... 3-4 minutes :D, (don't overcomplicate too much)}
Mutant dragoon thingy which is chained to a single spot.

Attacks
Chaos Cannon [Powerful wide projectile]
Can be dodged by hiding behind either chains or a plant construct or using electricity explosion as movement tech.
Acid armor
Creates a small ring of slime which can stick to your dragoons or you
Acid shot
Phase 2:
Stomp-kb and causes falling debris
[Then other moves]

To beat it you have to cut the chains which causes debris to start falling from above.
Then you get 4 pillars hit by chaos cannon.
Big piece of debris squashes boss.
Then 
Corridor to final room
Lots of disturbing stuff, evidence of lots of research
